# Ucn-Assignment-2
<h1>Proof of concept- Second assignment <h1>
The purpose was to develop a web application data can request data from a Web Service, and publish the data received as a Web Service. The main interest is based on building a functional web app that can retrieve information from Web Services and also act itself as a Web Service for other applications in case of a request.
The web app will have incorporated simple registration form and log-in, having a simple password input without any validation. This registration will be available for users that do not have an account/ social media account or prefer not to use it.
Another log-in would be represented using Facebook log-in using Oauth authentication. The application should be able to retrieve and publish data from the used Web Service (Facebook). Used Web Service is supposed to allow the app to access the Web Service and retrieve information about the connected user.
In the eventuality of being logged in with social media to see forecast of weather pf Aalborg location. This function would be represented by the use of a Weather API in function of the user location. The location in order to determinate a specific location for weather will be decided in function of the user placement. 
In conclusion, the developed web application serve the purpose of developing an efficient application that can both request data and be requested for data, publish data and make use of the received data in order to develop other functions using requested info.  
